GIT AND GITHUB:
Github is the sole provider of public repositories and Git is the sole
version control system (VCS) for this project. Contributing developers
are required to use this service and method. Accounts belonging to
contributing developers that do not use two-factor authentication are
automatically rejected by Github. Pull requests that are not
signed using GPG that authenticates the developer's identity are likely
to be rejected.

CODING STANDARDS AND STYLE:
This is not GNU software, however coding style follows GNU Coding
Standards published by Richard M. Stallman, Free Software Foundation,
dated July 25, 2016 or later. GNU Coding Standards can be obtained
from: https://www.gnu.org/prep/standards/

LEGAL STANDING:
For any person who makes a non-trivial contribution to the project,
including comments and documentation files, a legal release document is
required. This document must be signed by all interested parties,
GPG-protected, and submitted before a pull request can be accepted.
Although this software is covered by the GNU General Public License, it
is not GNU software and copyright has not been assigned to FSF. This
means the legal defense burden is on Positronikal to both defend the
terms of the license and to exercise the right to distribute the
software. Being a small developer group, our means to fight lengthy
court battles are limited. Every effort is made, therefore, to prevent
such an occurrence at all. Send an email to hoyt.harness@gmail.com to
request a disclaimer form.

READ ALSO:
https://positronikal.github.io/

