.TH CarnivoreLE 1 "April 2018" 0.0.0 "CarnivoreLE Live Triage"

.SH NAME
carnivore - the CarnivoreLE live forensic triage tool

.SH SYNOPSIS
carnivore [
.B -v
,
.B --version
,
.B -h
,
.B --help
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B carnivore
captures live data, especially volatile data, from a running
computer. This includes options to create a forensic logical image of
the system RAM, home directory, and logs directory. Imaging is accomplished
with Advanced Forensic Format 4 (AFF4).

There are three different versions, one each for GNU/Linux, Macintosh,
and Windows.

.B carnivore
is ran without options unless version or help information is
desired. carnivore is designed to be ran from an external device
attached

.SH OPTIONS
.B -v
,
.B --version
.RS
Display version information and exit.
.RE

.B -h
,
.B --help
.RS
Display help information and exit.
.RE

.SH OS X/MacOS ONLY
Imaging requires specific ownership and permissions to be passed to the
operating system. Allow this by following these steps:
.br
.RS
1. In Finder, select the MACTOOLS volume.
.br
2. Choose File > Get Info.
.br
3. Click the disclosure triangle next to Sharing & Permissions.
.br
4. If necessary, click the lock icon and enter a username and password
that can use sudo.
.br
5. Uncheck the "Ignore ownership on this volume" checkbox. You DO NOT
want to ignore ownership.
.RE

Loading the kernel extension (kext) requires user approval and will
generate a "System Extension Blocked" notification. When this occurs,
follow these steps:
.br
.RS
1. Open System Preferences > Security & Privacy.
.br
2. If necessary, click the lock icon and enter a username and password
that can use sudo.
.br
3. Select "App Store & identified developers" button.
.br
4. Select "Allow" for Adam Sindelar's kext.
.RE

.SH BUGS
Bug reports should be filed to the Github repository:
.RS
<https://github.com/Positronikal/CarnivoreLE/issues>
.RE

Feature requests are handled the same way.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Hoyt Harness.

.SH COPYRIGHT
License  GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
.RS
<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.RE
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

.SH SEE ALSO
More information at at:
.RS
<https://positronikal.github.io/>
.RE
or available in the application root under docs/.

